good morning it's may 2
[Music]
2021 and it's a sunday
here in l.a a cloudy morning
very still right now
61 degrees fahrenheit around 16
celsius
ladies and gentlemen
i was wondering
during the last year from time to time i
brought up music that i liked and the
reason i
stopped is i kind of ran out of music to
to talk about and
i was wondering if you would mind
if i recycled that list
not not all of them maybe but uh
and not in the same order but randomly
from time to time recycled that list
let me know in your comments what you
think about this
and if you have that list
somebody must have that list
uh this afternoon it's going to be going
up to
69 degrees fahrenheit
around 21 celsius
and these clouds
hopefully are going to burn off by lunch
and we will be enjoying once again
those beautiful blue skies and golden
sunshine
all along the way
everyone have a great day